# GGMI token

$GGMI is GMI's governance token.&#x20;

It can be earned by **playing and referring** GMI experiences.

$GGMI holders will be able to claim rewards if they stake their tokens and participate in key governance votes.

Our goal with $GGMI is to align the incentives between the players, distributors and developers of GMI experiences by:

* Rewarding players for playing and distributing GMI experiences while simultaneously incentivizing them to hold on to their tokens so they can claim additional rewards.
* Decentralizing the ownership and governance of GMI in matters like:
  * New game integrations.
  * GMI influencer program.
  * GMI staking rewards.
  * New official tournaments (e.g. The Handy Game).
  * New Multiplayer Engine game modes (customized Smart Contracts allow for game modes).
  * NFT pricing mechanisms to match the fair value of bets.
  * New marketing campaign deals.
  * ...

We want GMI to become a truly community-owned and operated platform and brand. This opens up limitless possibilities but must be approached carefully - the shift to a truly decentralized organization will occur gradually over time as $GGMI token ownership decentralizes.

The Community Treasury will begin to receive revenues generated by GMI as well as a portion of staking rewards. This treasury will be governed by $GGMI stakers eventually, once the network has become sufficiently decentralized.

The Treasury receives inflows from:

* 5% of all Hand NFT secondary market trades.
* 2.5% of all entry fees of non Free2Play Challenges.

More streams will be added in the future from new opportunities present themselves.

| Use                          | Total Supply (MM) | %   | Comments                      |
| ---------------------------- | ----------------- | --- | ----------------------------- |
| Play to earn                 | 200               | 20  |                               |
| Refer to earn                | 90                | 9   |                               |
| Staking rewards              | 200               | 20  |                               |
| Ecosystem Fund               | 50                | 5   |                               |
| Gonna Make It Operating Team | 290               | 29  |                               |
| Advisors                     | 70                | 7   |                               |
| Fair Launch                  | 100               | 10  | 2.5% will go to hand holders. |
|                              | 1000              | 100 |                               |
