# GGMIs

$GGMIs are gmiDAO's governance tokens.&#x20;

They can be earned by **playing, referring and creating** GMI experiences.

$GGMI holders will be able to claim rewards if they stake their tokens in Gonna Make It's governance staking program.

Our goal with $GGMI is to align the incentives between the players, distributors and developers of GMI experiences by:

* Rewarding players for playing and distributing GMI experiences while simultaneously incentivizing them to hold on to their tokens so they can claim additional rewards.
* Decentralizing the ownership and governance of _Gonna Make It_ in matters like:
  * Treasury management.
  * New game integrations.
  * GMI influencer program.
  * GMI staking rewards.
  * New official tournaments (e.g. The Handy Game).
  * New Multiplayer Engine game modes (customized Smart Contracts allow for game modes).
  * NFT pricing mechanisms to match the fair value of bets.
  * New marketing campaign deals.
  * ...

We want _Gonna Make It_ to become a truly community-owned and operated platform and brand. This opens up limitless possibilities but must be approached carefully - the shift to a truly decentralized organization will occur gradually over time as $GGMI token ownership decentralizes.

The Community Treasury will begin to receive revenues generated by _Gonna Make It_ as well as a portion of staking rewards. This treasury will be governed by $GGMI stakers eventually, once the network has become sufficiently decentralized.

The Treasury receives inflows from:

* 5% of all Hand NFT secondary market trades.
* 10% of all entry fees of non Free2Play Challenges, Matches, and Tournaments.
* Usage fees on centralized services provided by gmiDAO (Free2play challenges, Free2play Multiplayer Engine capabilities, Play2mint, ...)

More streams will be added in the future from new business opportunities.

### Tokenomics

$GGMI tokenomics are the following:

| Use                            | Total Supply (MM) | %   | Comments                                                                                                     |
| ------------------------------ | ----------------- | --- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| Staking rewards - Hand Holders | 150               | 15  | Distributed in 5 years according to hand rarity for people who stake their NFTs in GMI's NFT staking program |
| Staking rewards - GGMI Holders | 250               | 25  | For people who stake $GGMI in gmiDAO's governance staking program                                            |
| Strategic Reserve              | 500               | 50  |                                                                                                              |
| IDO Pool                       | 100               | 10  |                                                                                                              |
|                                | 1000              | 100 |                                                                                                              |
