# 💲 GMIs

$GMIs are [gonnamakeit.io](https://gonnamakeit.io)'s utility and governance tokens. They can be earned by **playing, referring and creating** GMI experiences.

$GMIs have the following utilities in the platform:

* Fee discounts
* Payment method for Gonna Make It's pay2play challenges, matches and tournaments
* Unlimited challenges in Gonna Make It's challenge markets
* Unlimited match rooms in Gonna Make It's Multiplayer Engine
* Unlimited tournaments in Gonna Make It's Multiplayer Engine
* Have under collateralization allowance in PvP betting
* Discount in featured challenges, matches or tournaments

$GMIs are gmiDAO's governance tokens.

$GMI holders will be able to claim rewards if they stake their tokens in Gonna Make It's governance staking program.

Our goal with $GMI is to align the incentives between the players, distributors and developers of GMI experiences by:

* Rewarding players for playing and distributing GMI experiences while simultaneously incentivizing them to hold on to their tokens so they can claim additional rewards.
* Decentralizing the ownership and governance of _Gonna Make It_ in matters like:
  * Treasury management.
  * New game integrations.
  * GMI influencer program.
  * GMI staking rewards.
  * New official tournaments (e.g. The Handy Game).
  * New Multiplayer Engine game modes (customized Smart Contracts allow for game modes).
  * NFT pricing mechanisms to match the fair value of bets.
  * New marketing campaign deals.
  * ...

We want _Gonna Make It_ to become a truly community-owned and operated platform and brand. This opens up limitless possibilities but must be approached carefully - the shift to a truly decentralized organization will occur gradually over time as $GMI token ownership decentralizes.

The Community Treasury will begin to receive revenues generated by _Gonna Make It_ as well as a portion of staking rewards. This treasury will be governed by $GMI stakers eventually, once the network has become sufficiently decentralized.

The Treasury receives inflows from:

* 5% of all Hand NFT secondary market trades.
* X% of all entry fees of non Free2Play Challenges, Matches, and Tournaments.
* Usage fees on centralized services provided by gmiDAO (Free2play challenges, Free2play Multiplayer Engine capabilities, Play2mint, ...)

More streams will be added in the future from new business opportunities.

### Tokenomics

$GMI's tokenomics are the following:

| Use                 | Total Supply (MM) | %   | Comments                         |
| ------------------- | ----------------- | --- | -------------------------------- |
| Team                | 2000              | 20  | 4 months cliff then 1% monthly   |
| Advisors & Partners | 500               | 5   | 2 months cliff then 1% monthly   |
| Marketing           | 1000              | 10  | 1% monthly                       |
| Liquidity           | 500               | 5   | 50% at TGE then 2% monthly       |
| Community           | 3000              | 30  | 1% monthly                       |
| Treasury            | 2000              | 20  | 12 months cliff then 1% monthly  |
| IDO Pool            | 1000              | 10  | 100% at TGE                      |
|                     | 10000             | 100 |                                  |
